To log into periods, you need to use Sudo Maria DBI run ins with elevated privileges by Esquibel hyphen
you, the hyphen you flag is how you specify as which you use.
You would like to log in as we would like to log in as the my esquibel route user.
I want to point out this is not your server's route user.
This is the my esquibel route user, your sudo password for your user.
And we have logged into Marea DB.
Show databases will list the current databases first step, we need to create a new database.
Create a database, leave a space database name followed by a semicolon.
Now we need to give privileges on the database, grant all privileges on.
I'm going to copy and paste the database name DOT airstrikes to apostrophe the username apostrophe et
apostrophe localhost apostrophe identified by the password apostrophe the password apostrophe cime kolon.
Now you need to flush privileges, flush privileges will refresh the database show database's.
There is the database we created.
If I use the show grants command for our user.
It will display grant usage on the database name identified by the password.
That was the long way of doing it.
I'm going to show you a much easier and quicker method to create databases.
I'd like you to open your text editor.
Please open the file that contains the random characters that we copied from random dot org.
I would then like you to create a new file at the top of the file, type your domain name, then type
the database, name the database user and the database password.
Underneath that type, the database commands create a database, grant privileges, flash privileges.
Do this for every one of your sites.
Let's go back to our random list.
Do not copy.
Rather cut the random string from your list of database name will be Why HP?
Our database user will be be.
Our database password will be Eppy seven, select database name and copy it, create a database, you
can paste it, grant all privileges on the database name districts.
Let's select the database user to Apostrophe Apostrophe, our database user identified by copy the database
password and pasted in between the two apostrophes.
Right from the beginning of the course I say to you, this course is not a copy and paste exercise.
This is one exception.
You've already typed all the commands in your text editor.
We are just looking for a quicker and easier method where you have your database commands.
Create a database followed by the database name and the semicolon.
Leave a space and delete.
Then you have your grant all privileges command.
Go to the next semicolon, leave a space used, delete so you have semicolon space flash privileges,
select the entire line and copy.
You can go back to terminal.
We are still logged in to Maria DB.
Obviously if you are not logged into your database, you need to log into your database before you paste
the line.
Show databases, and there is our second database you can type exit, the second method is a lot easier.
All you need do when you want to create your next site, save this file with a different file name.
Add your new database name, database, user database password, replace them database commands, copy
and paste.
Please save this text file that you created.
We will be coming back to it shortly.
Your random string's.
When you start cutting certain strings from it, save it each time.
That's our database taken care of.
Now we need to install the WordPress command line interface.
In this lecture we created the database for our WordPress site.